Update conference_posters.md (#80)
cpp-lln-lab/CPP_LabGuide: doc/conference_posters.md

## Affiliations

> see [here](https://cpp-lln-lab.github.io/CPP_LabGuide/papers/#affiliation-for-authors-of-the-cpp-lab)

Reviewer: this should work, merging so thaat the github page is rendered and we can check online

```suggestion
see [here](papers.md#affiliation-for-authors-of-the-cpp-lab)
```
